Psalm 26 a psalm of David vindicate me O
Lord for I have walked in
my integrity I have also trusted in the
Lord
I shall not slip examine me O Lord and
prove me fry my mind and my heart for
your loving-kindness is before my eyes
and I have walked in your truth I have
not sat with idolatrous mortals
nor will I go in with hypocrites I have
hated the Assembly of evildoers and will
not sit with the wicked and will wash my
hands in innocence so I will go about
your altar Oh Lord that I may proclaim
with the voice of Thanksgiving and tell
of all your wondrous works Lord I have
loved the habitation of your house and
the place where your glory dwells do not
gather my soul with sinners nor my life
with bloodthirsty men in whose hands is
a sinister scheme and whose right hand
is full of bribes but as for me I will
walk in my integrity redeem me and be
merciful to me my foot stands in an even
place in the congregation's I will bless
the Lord
[Music]